my time is a junior. Also, how I lead by example was multiple ways, but
I sure believe getting out standing watches We had long underway watches
68 hours at a shop and going down and tracing the system's understanding
with men. Women are doing on the watch in the engineering
holes. And I would walk the deck a lot of times I would just walk
Dex, see what the mission Waas. What is the messenger of the watch?
Go call down to a woman should go down to after steering. Don't slough
it off. What? Someone else? Do it. Pick up the wash law and go stand
the watch. Go and stand the death. It's easy. A lot of times just
go back to your state. They call it a night. Or you could take one
more hour, Get down to engineering room, walk with Dex that, um, department
had no no this war example of division officers. But as department
head, as chief engineer, I was able one time walk down. I found
out that you know, one of my head the officers had been working
on trying to solve auxiliary problem for about three hours. He was down
there all by himself, so I spent another two hours with, So that
meant he was there for five hours. While I was at two hours, five hours,
I fried. We finally got it right. Got it figured out we got the
pump. Three settles and putting out, uh, expected. How's that? It
was supposed to deliver. There was a matter of getting your right Caskets
over a place mat. 0.1 of the master chief's that was on coming
watch comes down, Finds out you've ended here. I just spent two hours
in four a gang room, You know, he was not the best tree was like
the fact that I had done very much admired If I was very upset that
the chief engineer was wandering around the space is high school. But
I don't love that Ben in, the chief engineer took out topside been
the lodge where he could have been elsewhere doing things, but I took
time out. I always take a time out to see what your engineers doing.
See, with the boast of nature to take time to well around, uh, management
by walking out B w. That will get you a lot off traction with
your division